Python - More Data Structures: Set, Dictionary        
Task 0:Write a function that computes the square value of all integers of a matrix.Prototype: def square_matrix_simple(matrix=[]): . Matrix is a 2 dimensional array. Returns a new matrix:Same size as matrix, Each value should be the square of the value of the input. Initial matrix should not be modified. It is not allowed to import any module. but the use regular loops, map, etc is allowed.     
Task 1:Write a function that replaces all occurrences of an element by another in a new list.Prototype: def search_replace(my_list, search, replace):  my_list is the initial list, search is the element to replace in the list, replace is the new element. It is not allowed to import any module and it applies to all tasks.      
Task 2:Write a function that adds all unique integers in a list (only once for each integer).Prototype: def uniq_add(my_list=[.      
Task 3:Write a function that returns a set of common elements in two sets. Prototype: def common_elements(set_1, set_2):    .       
Task 4:Write a function that returns a set of all elements present in only one set. Prototype: def only_diff_elements(set_1, set_2): .       
Task 5: Write a function that returns the number of keys in a dictionary. Prototype: def number_keys(a_dictionary): .    
Task 6:Write a function that prints a dictionary by ordered keys.Prototype: def print_sorted_dictionary(a_dictionary):  all keys cab be assumed to be strings. Keys should be sorted by alphabetic order. Only sort keys of the first level (don’t sort keys of a dictionary inside the main dictionary). Dictionary values can have any type.      
Task 7:Write a function that replaces or adds key/value in a dictionary.Prototype: def update_dictionary(a_dictionary, key, value):  key argument will be always a string, value argument will be any type.If a key exists in the dictionary, the value will be replaced, If a key doesn’t exist in the dictionary, it will be created      
Task 8:Write a function that deletes a key in a dictionary. Prototype: def simple_delete(a_dictionary, key=""):  .key argument will be always a string. If a key doesn’t exist, the dictionary won’t change.      
Task 9:Write a function that returns a new dictionary with all values multiplied by 2. Prototype: def multiply_by_2(a_dictionary):   . You can assume that all values are only integers. Returns a new dictionary.      
Task 10:Write a function that returns a key with the biggest integer value.Prototype: def best_score(a_dictionary):  .You can assume that all values are only integers,If no score found, return None. You can assume all students have a different score.      
Task 11:Write a function that returns a list with all values multiplied by a number without using any loops. Prototype: def multiply_list_map(my_list=[], number=0):  .Returns a new list: . Same length as my_list. Each value should be multiplied by number and initial list should not be modified. You have to use map and your file should be max 3 lines.       
Task 12:Create a function def roman_to_int(roman_string): that converts a Roman numeral to an integer. You can assume the number will be between 1 to 3999. def roman_to_int(roman_string) must return an integer. If the roman_string is not a string or None, return 0.      
Task 13:Write a function that returns the weighted average of all integers tuple (<score>, <weight>).Prototype: def weight_average(my_list=[]):  .Returns 0 if the list is empty.               
