Python - if/else, loops, functions       
Task 0:It will assign a random signed number to the variable number each time it is executed. Use the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable number is positive or negative. The output of the program should be: The number, followed by if the number is greater than 0: is positive; if the number is 0: is zero; if the number is less than 0: is negative, followed by a new line.   
Task 1:It will assign a random signed number to the variable number each time it is executed. Use the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable number is positive or negative. The output of the program should be: The string Last digit of, followed by the number, followed by the string is, followed by the last digit of number, followed by; if the last digit is greater than 5: the string and is greater than 5; if the last digit is 0: the string and is 0; if the last digit is less than 6 and not 0: the string and is less than 6 and not 0, followed by a new line.     
Task 2: a program that prints the ASCII alphabet, in lowercase, not followed by a new line. use one print function with string format and can only use one loop in your code.    
Task 3:a program that prints the ASCII alphabet, in lowercase, not followed by a new line. Print all the letters except q and e. use one print function with string format and can only use one loop in your code.     
Task 4:a program that prints all numbers from 0 to 98 in decimal and in hexadecimal.     
Task 5: prints numbers from 0 to 99.Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space. Numbers should be printed in ascending order, with two digits. The last number should be followed by a new line.     
Task 6:a program that prints all possible different combinations of two digits.Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space. The two digits must be different. 01 and 10 are considered the same combination of the two digits 0 and 1. Print only the smallest combination of two digits. Numbers should be printed in ascending order, with two digits. The last number should be followed by a new line.     
Task 7:a function that checks for lowercase character.Prototype: def islower(c): Returns True if c is lowercase, Returns False otherwise. It is not allowed to import any module or use str.upper() and str.isupper().      
Task 8: a function that prints a string in uppercase followed by a new line.Prototype: def uppercase(str):You can only use no more than 2 print functions with string format and only use one loop in your code. It is not allowed to import any module or use str.upper() and str.isupper().     
Task 9:a function that prints the last digit of a number.Prototype: def print_last_digit(number): Returns the value of the last digit. It is not allowed to import any module.     
Taks 10:a function that adds two integers and returns the result.Prototype: def add(a, b):Returns the value of a + b. It is not allowed to import any module.       
Task 11: a function that computes a to the power of b and return the value.Prototype: def pow(a, b):Returns the value of a ^ b. It is not allowed to import any module.     
Task 12: a function that prints the numbers from 1 to 100 separated by a space. For multiples of three print Fizz instead of the number and for multiples of five print Buzz. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print FizzBuzz. Prototype: def fizzbuzz():Each element should be followed by a space. It is not allowed to import any module.      
