Python - import & modules
      
Task 0: Write a program that imports the function def add(a, b): from the file add_0.py and prints the result of the addition 1 + 2 = 3. Use print function with string format to display integers. Assign:the value 1 to a variable called a, the value 2 to a variable called b. and use those two variables as arguments when calling the functions add and print. a and b must be defined in 2 different lines: a = 1 and another b = 2.   
Task 1: Write a program that imports functions from the file calculator_1.py, does some Maths, and prints the result. Do not use the function print (with string format to display integers) more than 4 time. Define:the value 10 to a variable a, the value 5 to a variable b; and use those two variables only, as arguments when calling functions (including print). a and b must be defined in 2 different lines: a = 10 and another b = 5. The program should call each of the imported functions. the word calculator_1 should be used only once in your file.       
Task 2: Write a program that prints the number of and the list of its arguments.The output should be: Number of argument(s) followed by argument (if number is one) or arguments (otherwise), followed by: (or . if no arguments were passed). followed by a new line, followed by (if at least one argument), one line per argument:. the position of the argument (starting at 1) followed by :, followed by the argument value and a new line.    
Task 3:Write a program that prints the result of the addition of all arguments.The output should be the result of the addition of all arguments, followed by a new line. You can cast arguments into integers by using int() (you can assume that all arguments can be casted into integers).      
Task 4: Write a program that prints all the names defined by the compiled module hidden_4.pyc. Print one name per line, in alpha order and  print only names that do not start with __      
Task 5: Write a program that imports the variable a from the file variable_load_5.py and prints its value.      
Task 6: Write a program that imports all functions from the file calculator_1.py and handles basic operations. Usage: ./100-my_calculator.py a operator b. If the number of arguments is not 3. operator can be:+, -, * and/.        
Task 7: Write a program that prints #pythoniscool, followed by a new line, in the standard output. The program should be maximum 2 lines long. It is not allowed to use print or eval or open or import sys in your file 101-easy_print.py.        
Task 8: Write the Python function def magic_calculation(a, b).     
Task 9:  Write a program that prints the alphabet in uppercase, followed by a new line. The program should be maximum 3 lines long. It is not allowed to use: any loops, any conditional statements, str.join(), any string literal, any system calls.     
